1. After 14 years, Paul went up to Jerusalem with Barnabas and Titus. The question is where was Paul in 14 years? [[Paul called by God#^e381c3]]
2. He went up to Jerusalem because the revelation, Paul preached the gospel that he proclaimed among Gentiles for people esteemed as leaders privately in Jerusalem. That means the same gospel preached for the Gentiles was preached for the Jews by Paul.
3. He wanted to be sure I was not running and had not been running my race in vain. He preached to leaders because it was his strategy to expand the gospel more and more, this doesn't mean the gospel is exclusive for leaders only but it is a strategy to reach more people.
4. Titus was not forced to be circumcised because circumcision was not and is not and will not be a step to be a believer
5. The matter of Titus arose because of false believers infiltrated among Paul's crew to spy on the freedom they have in Christ. False believers will add step(s) to the gospel, for this situation, circumcision is the case. 
6. But Paul and his friends did not give in for them a moment so the truth of the gospel might be preserved because if they yield and added circumcision to the people it will create confusions among the people because if Titus circumcised according to the false believers will, people will believe the false gospel preached by false believers 
7. The positions, powers... of leaders that Paul preached to did not make any difference to Paul, they added nothing to the message of Paul or requirements for him to obey, God shows no partiality means God doesn't impressed by their powers, positions, knowledge... because God created the universe and human in it, He gives powers, positions , knowledge... according to His will
8. But on the contrary, they saw Paul was really entrusted with the gospel for the Gentiles just Peter was entrusted with the gospel for the Jews
9. For God was working in Peter (an apostle for the Jews) to preach the gospel is the same God was working in Paul (an apostle for the Gentiles)
10. James, Cephas and John, those esteemed as pillars, forefathers of churches gave Paul and Barnabas acceptance, trust when they recognized the grace been given to Paul. 
11. James, Cephas (Peter) and John agreed that Paul should go to the Gentiles and them go to the Jews (the circumcised)
12. All they asked is to remember the poor which Paul desired to do all along, why they asked Paul to remember the poor? Because the eager to go worldwide of Paul leads to the worry of other apostles that lead to financial problem of the poor saints in Jerusalem?