1. I, John, your brother and ==companion in the suffering== and ==kingdom== and patient endurance that are ours in Jesus, was on the island of Patmos because of the word of God and the testimony of Jesus. 
2. On the Lord’s Day ==I was in the Spirit==(2 Peter 1:21) , and I heard behind me a loud voice like a trumpet,  ^5b5241
3. which said: “Write on a scroll what you see and send it to the seven churches: to Ephesus, Smyrna, Pergamum, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia and Laodicea.” ^834d95
4. I turned around to see the voice that was speaking to me. And when I turned I ==saw== seven golden lampstands, 
5. and among the lampstands was someone like a son of man, dressed in a robe reaching down to his feet and with a golden sash around his chest. 
6. The hair on his head was white like wool, as white as snow, and his eyes were like blazing fire. 
7. His feet were like bronze glowing in a furnace, and his voice was like the sound of rushing waters. 
8. In his right hand he held seven stars, and coming out of his mouth was a sharp, double-edged sword. His face was like the sun shining in all its brilliance.
9. When I saw him, I fell at his feet as though dead. Then he placed his right hand on me and said: “Do not be afraid. I am the First and the Last.
10. I am the Living One; I was dead, and now look, I am alive for ever and ever! And I hold the keys of death and Hades.
11.  “Write, therefore, what you have seen, what is now and what will take place later.
12. The mystery of the seven stars that you saw in my right hand and of the seven golden lampstands is this: The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches, and the seven lampstands are the seven churches.


> [!Map of 7 churches] Map of 7 churches
> http://www.about-jesus.org/seven-churches-revelation-map.htm#map

