1. In the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon, Daniel had a dream, and visions passed through his mind as he was lying in bed. He wrote down the substance of his dream.
2. Daniel said: “In my vision at night I looked, and there before me were the four winds of heaven churning up the great ==sea==. [[The Beast out of the Sea (The First Beast)#^4a4263]]
3. Four great beasts, each different from the others, came up out of the ==sea==. [[The Beast out of the Sea (The First Beast)#^4a4263]]
4. “The first was like a ==lion==, and it had the wings of an eagle. I watched until its wings were torn off and it was lifted from the ground so that it stood on two feet like a human being, and the mind of a human was given to it. [[The Interpretation of the Dream#^306e47]] [[The Beast out of the Sea (The First Beast)#^1d9038]] ^e50a58
5. “And there before me was a second beast, which looked like a ==bear==. It was raised up on one of its sides, and it had three ribs in its mouth between its teeth. It was told, ‘Get up and eat your fill of flesh!’ [[The Beast out of the Sea (The First Beast)#^1d9038]] ^9bdabe
6. “After that, I looked, and there before me was another beast, one that looked like a ==leopard==. And on its back it had four wings like those of a bird. This beast had four heads, and it was given authority to rule. [[The Beast out of the Sea (The First Beast)#^1d9038]] ^690280
7. “After that, in my vision at night I looked, and there before me was a fourth beast—terrifying and frightening and very powerful. It had large iron teeth; it crushed and devoured its victims and trampled underfoot whatever was left. It was different from all the former beasts, and it had ==ten horns==. [[The Beast out of the Sea (The First Beast)#^4a4263]] ^09203b
8. “While I was thinking about the horns, there before me was another horn, a little one, which came up among them; and three of the first horns were uprooted before it. This horn had eyes like the eyes of a human being and a mouth that spoke boastfully.
9. “As I looked, “thrones were set in place, and the Ancient of Days took his seat. His clothing was as white as snow; the hair of his head was white like wool. His throne was flaming with fire, and its wheels were all ablaze.
10. A river of fire was flowing, coming out from before him. Thousands upon thousands attended him; ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him. The court was seated, and the books were opened.
11. “Then I continued to watch because of the boastful words the horn was speaking. I kept looking until the beast was slain and its body destroyed and thrown into the blazing fire. 
12. (The ==other beasts== had been stripped of their authority, but were allowed to live for a period of time.)
13. “In my vision at night I looked, and there before me was one like a son of man, coming with the clouds of heaven. He approached the Ancient of Days and was led into his presence.  ^d25991
14. He was given authority, glory and sovereign power; all nations and peoples of every language worshiped him. His dominion is an everlasting dominion that will not pass away, and his kingdom is one that will never be destroyed. ^cea549