 1. “To the angel of the church in Thyatira write: These are the words of the Son of God, ==whose eyes are like blazing fire and whose feet are like burnished bronze==.
 2. I know your deeds, your love and faith, your service and perseverance, and that you are now doing more than you did at first.
3.  Nevertheless, I have this against you: You tolerate that woman Jezebel, who calls herself a prophet. By her teaching she misleads my servants into sexual immorality and the eating of food sacrificed to idols.
4. I have given her time to repent of her immorality, but she is unwilling.
5. So I will cast her on a bed of suffering, and I will make those who commit adultery with her suffer intensely, unless they repent of her ways.
6. I will strike her children dead. Then all the churches will know that I am he who searches hearts and minds, and I will repay each of you according to your deeds.
7.  Now I say to the rest of you in Thyatira, to you who do not hold to her teaching and have not learned Satan’s so-called deep secrets, ‘I will not impose any other burden on you,
8. except to hold on to what you have until I come.’
9.  To the one who is ==victorious== and ==does my will to the end==, ==I will give authority over the nations==—
10. ==that one ‘will rule them with an iron scepter and will dash them to pieces like pottery==’—just as I have received authority from my Father.
11. I will also ==give that one the morning star==.
12. Whoever has ears, let them hear what the Spirit says to the churches.