1. When Cephas (Peter) came to Antioch Paul opposed him to his face because Peter deserved it
2. Before certain men from James he would eat with Gentiles but when those men came, he withdrew and separated himself because he feared the circumcised people and this leads to the rest of the Jews with Peter was acting hypocrite with him even Barnabas
3. When Paul saw that I he said to Peter in front of them that "“You are a Jew, yet you live like a Gentile and not like a Jew. How is it, then, that you force Gentiles to follow Jewish customs?" this means Peter was a Jew but eating with Gentiles probably being influenced by some customs from Gentiles and this is not how a Jew behave but then Peter has a tendency to lead Gentiles to follow Jewish customs
4. “We who are Jews by birth and not sinful Gentiles know that a person is not justified by the works of the law, but by faith in Jesus Christ. So we, too, have put our faith in Christ Jesus that we may be justified by faith in Christ and not by the works of the law, because by the works of the law no one will be justified. Paul meant both he and Peter are Jews by birth and not inherited sinful lifestyle from their parents but noted that a person is not justified by the works of the law but faith in Jesus Christ so both of Paul and Peter are justified but faith in Jesus Christ and not by the works of the law if the way to justification is by the works of the law, no one will be saved
5. “But if, in seeking to be justified in Christ, we Jews find ourselves also among the sinners, doesn’t that mean that Christ promotes sin? Absolutely not! This means while seeking to be justified through faith in Jesus Christ, we (*means Peter and Paul*) find themselves among sinners, they are justified by faith in Christ but they are still sinners because of sinful nature, is that means Christ promotes sin? No
6. If I rebuild what I destroyed, then I really would be a lawbreaker. This means Paul asked if he rebuild the foundation that justification before God comes through the works of the law then he would be a lawbreaker because no act of obeying the law of human can be justified before God or add a thing to the grace has been given 
7. Die to the law means that we have to neglect the fact that for obeying the law we can not be justified before God or add a favor to the grace has been given
8. Crucified with Christ doesn't mean we literally crucified with Christ on the cross, we die to the law because we are crucified with Christ on the cross, His death brought forgiveness for us, open the only way to be justified before God which is believing in Christ
9. I no longer live but Christ lives in me means the only true life is Christ because He is the way, the truth and the life. I no longer under the law, because I die to the law which is receive the righteousness from Christ through faith . And by being our true life, He will strengthen me to love Him, He will come to me and make His home with me.
10. The life now I live in the flesh I live by faith means the life in Christ can not be build on the law-keeping foundation but by faith only in the One loved me and gave Himself for me
11. The act of mixing the work of the law to the grace of God is to set aside the grace of God
12. The righteousness can be gained by obeying the law, Christ died for nothing