1. The wrath of God is being revealed from heaven against all the godlessness and wickedness of people, they use their wickedness to suppress the truth. What truth? The truth about God,  [[The creation]] explains God's attributes, His eternal power... so that unbelievers have no excuse, defense in the Judgement Day.
2. The wickedness of human was increased to the point even they know Him as the Creator but they did not honor Him or give thank to Him, not only that they became stupid in their thinking, their hearts was darkened. They claimed to be wise but they are fools, they exchanged the glory of God for the creations He made and worship it.
3. The result of that is God gave them over in the lusts of their foolish minds so that their bodies will be dishonored among them because they chose lies over truth and worship the creations over the Creator. ^bdf8d9
4. The symptoms of the [[#^bdf8d9]] is same sex intercourse
5. Because they didn't honor Him so He gave them over to a depraved mind to do depraved things until they were filled with every kind of unrighteousness, wickedness, greed, evil, full of envy, murder, strife, murder, deceit, malice and mean-spiritedness. They are gossips, slanderers, haters of God, insolent, arrogant, boastful, inventors of new forms of evil, disobedient and disrespectful to parents, without understanding, untrustworthy, unloving, unmerciful without pity.
6. They get to the point after knowing the judgement of the righteous God for their actions, they also encourage other people to do the same