
1. As prisoner of the God, Paul may reminded people that he was a prosecutor of the Christians but now after being called by Jesus, he risked his life to preach the gospel and ended up in prison when he wrote this letter. His point maybe telling people that he himself is the example of what he about to write next
2. After describing the marvelous plan for the Gentiles and pray for them to be strengthen by Holy Spirit so Christ will grow in their hearts and to know, deeply rooted in the love of Christ  He called the Ephesians to live a life worthy of the calling they have received meaning our calling is to united to Christ by faith in whatever lot God has placed us in and that lot in life must be walked in accordance with our calling, our salvation. Or put another way, the calling of every believer is to be united to Christ, and the calling comes with a demand: walk accordingly. If we have been united to Christ by faith for our justification, then that union with Christ bears out in our sanctification as well, our daily living and growing in the Spirit.
3. Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love is how we should walk in our Christian lives mentioned NT numerous times (1Th. 5:14 Col. 3:12 - 14 Col. 1:11 Phi. 2:3 Ga. 5:22 2Co. 6:6 1Co. 13:7 1Co. 13:4 Ac. 20:19 Mat. 11:29)
4. Make every effort to keep the unity of the Spirit through the bond of peace. (Col. 3:14, Ro. 14:19), the reason also stated in the following verse
5. There is one body and one Spirit, just as you were called to one hope when you were called; 1 body means the church, the bridge of Christ, 1 Spirit means Holy Spirit which also the promised gift for all believers, no exclusive, no differences