1. "But about ==that day== or hour no one knows, not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son, but only the Father" => ==that day== means the day of judgment on Jerusalem [[1. The Destruction of the Temple and Signs of the End Times#^addcb0]], the angles may only knows what God tells them to declare what will take place in the future, about the Son, He doesn't know in a nature sense
2. As it was in the days of Noah, so it will be at ==the coming of the Son of Man==. [[Daniel’s Dream of Four Beasts#^d25991]] [[1. The Destruction of the Temple and Signs of the End Times#^1a48cc]]
3. For in the days before the flood, people were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage (Jewish revolted successfully against the Roman in 66 AD), up to the day Noah entered the ark;
4. and they knew nothing about what would happen until the flood came and took them all away. That is how it will be in the field; one will be taken and other left.
5. Two woman will be grinding with a hand mill; one will be taken and other left.
6. "Therefore keep watch. because you do not know on what day your Lord will come"
7. But understand this: If the owner of the house had known at what time of night the thief was coming, he would have kept watch and would not have let this house be broken into
8. So you also must be ready, because ==the Son of Man will come== at an hour ==when you do not expect him==. => the word "so indicates the reasons for this call to action"
9. "Who then is the faithful and wise servant, whom the master has put in charge of the servants in ==his household== to ==give them their food== ==at proper time==?"
10. It will be good for that servant whose master finds him doing so when he returns.
11. Truly I tell you, he will put him in charge of all his possessions.
12. But suppose that servant is wicked and says to himself "My master is staying away a long time"
13. and he then begins to beat his fellow servants and to eat and drink with drunkards.
14. The master of that servant will come on a day when he does not expect him and at an hour he is not aware of.
15. He will ==cut him to pieces and assign him a place with the hypocrites==, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.



